# mastermind
Mastermind game from TOP Ruby course

In this game, the player can choose to either guess a code generated by the computer,
or set their own code for the computer to guess.
The codemaker provides feedback on the accuracy of the guess every turn.
The guesser wins if they can guess the correct code within 12 turns.
If the guesser cannot guess the correct code within 12 turns, the codemaker wins.
The board is printed to the terminal at the end of every turn.

Currently, the game is set to be played in easy mode.
If the player is the codebreaker, feedback is arranged in order.
That is, the sequence of integers in the feedback corresponds to the sequence of the code.
If the code is "A B C D" and the player guesses "A F C H",
the feedback returned is "1 0 1 0", reflecting that the first and third values 
are both correct and in the proper place.
If the player is the codemaker, the computer guesses randomly every turn.
The player must provide the correct feedback in sequential order, 
but the computer does not use the feedback.
This means the player usually wins.

Next I am going to implement a hard mode of play.
In hard mode, when the player is the codebreaker, the feedback array is sorted.
This means that the positions of the numbers no longer correspond to the letters in the code,
and the player does not know exactly which letters are chosen and placed correctly.
When the player is the codemaker, the player still submits a sequential feedback array,
and now the computer has the ability to use the knowledge.
I need to write methods that tell the computer that if it receives a "1" 
corresponding to a letter in its guess, that all future guesses must include
that letter in that index position.
I also need to tell the computer that if it receives a "2" corresponding to a letter,
that letter must be included in future guesses, but not at the same index position.
I also need to tell the computer that if it receives a "0" corresponding to a letter,
that letter must not be included in future guesses.
